1966 in pala Supersport
100% stock 327
4-barrel Quadrajet
dual exhaust factory gauge package
bucket seats console correct factory
spinners correct factory color
protect the plate
all original floor pans
all original body panels excellent paint
no plastic
bondo aftermarket fenders anywhere on
this car underneath is excellent
again all original floor pans trunk pan
frame is excellent three-quarter inch
radials
whitewall radios car is running right
now going up
again a California car with smog pumped
to be reattached if so desired trunk is
detailed
factory AC factory power steering
factory followed breaks
interior is original
and excellent including headliner
factory seats back tray package
it would be hard-put
to find another
this condition
603 703 6 7 2 2
gorgeous 66 Supersport and